README.md, before:

INTRODUCTION
============

Dutyl operate various Dlang tools to help you program D in Vim. Instead of
having a separate plugin for each tool, Dutyl can use multiple plugins and
use them together - for example, use DUB to get a list of import paths the
project is using and pass that list to DCD to get autocompleting for symbols
that come from libraries. Dutyl has a module(/plugin) system that allows tools
to back up each other - so for example if a project doesn't use DUB, Dutyl can
back up reading the import paths from a static configuration file.

Currently supported features:

* Getting the imports list from DUB or from a configuration file
* Autocompletion using DCD
* Finding DDoc using DCD


REQUIREMENTS
============

Dutyl requires the tools that it uses. If you want it to use DUB to get info
about the project, you need [DUB](http://code.dlang.org/download). If you want
it to use DCD for autocompletion, you need
[DCD](https://github.com/Hackerpilot/DCD).


CONFIGURATION
=============

Use `g:dutyl_stdImportPaths` to specify the standard library import paths.
```vim
let g:dutyl_stdImportPaths=['/usr/include/dlang/dmd']
```
You must either set `g:dutyl_stdImportPaths` or configure these paths in DCD
itself, or else DCD won't be able to recognize standard library symbols.

If you want to never add the closing paren in calltips completions, set
`g:dutyl_neverAddClosingParen` to 1:
```vim
let g:dutyl_neverAddClosingParen=1
```

Dutyl will assume that tools are in the system's PATH. If they are not, you'll
have to supply the path for them using `dutyl#register#tool` like so:
```vim
call dutyl#register#tool('dcd-client','/path/to/DCD/dcd-client')
call dutyl#register#tool('dcd-server','/path/to/DCD/dcd-server')
```

Commit message:

Version 1.0.1
- Add instructions for using with plugin managers.
- Fix the command line string formatting problems.
- Make dutyl#core#bytePosition always use unix file format.
- Fix usage for Windows without VimProc.
- Support both dub.json and package.json as the DUB file.
- Change the DCD server control functions to use call instead of echo.
- Use DUB's --annotate flag to prevent downloading dependencies.
- Register import paths immediately when starting the DCD server.
- Clean import paths from last character if it's a path separator.

README.md, after:

INTRODUCTION
============

Dutyl operates various Dlang tools to help you program D in Vim. Instead of
having a separate plugin for each tool, Dutyl can use multiple plugins and
use them together - for example, use DUB to get a list of import paths the
project is using and pass that list to DCD to get autocompleting for symbols
that come from libraries. Dutyl has a module(/plugin) system that allows tools
to back up each other - so for example if a project doesn't use DUB, Dutyl can
back up reading the import paths from a static configuration file.

Currently supported features:

* Getting the imports list from DUB or from a configuration file
* Autocompletion using DCD
* Finding DDoc using DCD


REQUIREMENTS
============

Dutyl requires the tools that it uses. If you want it to use DUB to get info
about the project, you need [DUB](http://code.dlang.org/download). If you want
it to use DCD for autocompletion, you need
[DCD](https://github.com/Hackerpilot/DCD).


CONFIGURATION
=============

Use `g:dutyl_stdImportPaths` to specify the standard library import paths.
```vim
let g:dutyl_stdImportPaths=['/usr/include/dlang/dmd']
```
You must either set `g:dutyl_stdImportPaths` or configure these paths in DCD
itself, or else DCD won't be able to recognize standard library symbols.

If you want to never add the closing paren in calltips completions, set
`g:dutyl_neverAddClosingParen` to 1:
```vim
let g:dutyl_neverAddClosingParen=1
```

Dutyl will assume that tools are in the system's PATH. If they are not, you'll
have to supply the path for them using `dutyl#register#tool` like so:
```vim
call dutyl#register#tool('dcd-client','/path/to/DCD/dcd-client')
call dutyl#register#tool('dcd-server','/path/to/DCD/dcd-server')
```
**Note**: If you are using a plugin manager(like Pathogen or Vundle), make sure
that you only call `dutyl#register#tool` after you run the plugin manager's
command for updating the runtime path(`pathogen#infect` in case of Pathogen,
`vundle#end` in case of Vundle, or whatever the command is for whatever the
tool you are using).

Under Windows, Dutyl uses [VimProc](https://github.com/Shougo/vimproc.vim) when
available to prevent opening a console windows every time a command needs to be
ran. To prevent using VimProc, set `g:dutyl_dontUseVimProc` to 1:
```vim
let g:dutyl_dontUseVimProc=1
```
